Grids: Add AI Column API descriptions (#8121)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/40 Common Types/15 grids/ColumnAIOptions/emptyText.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> Text displayed in AI column cells that contain an empty value.

Reviewer: Since with use plural "cells", we should go with plural "values". 

```suggestion
Text displayed in AI column cells that contain empty values.
```
